Add rule for self requested reviews (#22873)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: CommunityGuidelines.md

- Any contributor PR requires at least two code reviews, either by developers or trusted community members (at least one developer).
- Any developer PR requires at least one code review, by another developer.
- Any PR requires one playtest review, if applicable.

> - Any developer may self-request a review on a PR. This will expire 1 day after the PR gets another developer review.

Reviewer: This is not what we discussed. We were talking about 2 days after notification of the developer who self-requested.

> - Any developer may self-request a review on a PR. This will expire 1 day after the PR gets another developer review.

Author: ```suggestion
- Any developer may self-request a review on a PR. It expires 2 days after being notified that the PR is ready to merge as it already has another developer's approval.
```

> - Any developer may self-request a review on a PR. It expires 2 days after being notified that the PR is ready to merge as it already has another developer's approval.

Reviewer: This is good, but I think this makes it clearer:

```suggestion
- Any developer may self-request a review on a PR. If another developer approves the PR, the developer who self-requested a review should be notified via Discord. If the developer does not leave a review within two days after this notification, the PR may be merged.
```
